Add extend docs -1 (#2392)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/extend/user-mgt/user-management-errors-event-listener.md

# User Management Errors Event Listener

> The `UserManagementErrorEventListener` (i.e. `org.wso2.carbon.user.core.listener.UserManagementErrorEventListener`) is a new type of event listener that facilitates additional activities in the event of failures when executing user management scenarios or operations. The relevant caller class for this listener is `org.wso2.carbon.user.core.common.AbstractUserManagementErrorListener`. This type of event listener is similar to the [UserOperation Listeners](../../develop/user-store-listeners). The registered event listeners of this type are called when there is a failure while doing user management related tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `UserManagementErrorEventListener` (i.e. `org.wso2.carbon.user.core.listener.UserManagementErrorEventListener`) is a new type of event listener that facilitates additional activities in the event of failures when executing user management scenarios or operations. The relevant caller class for this listener is `org.wso2.carbon.user.core.common.AbstractUserManagementErrorListener`. This type of event listener is similar to the [UserOperation Listeners](../../../extend/user-mgt/user-store-listeners). The registered event listeners of this type are called when there is a failure while doing user management related tasks.
```
